[$Version]
update_info=kwinrules.upd:replace-placement-string-to-enum,kwinrules.upd:use-virtual-desktop-ids

[0e17d444-72a1-4429-825e-f9b9ac128ed9]
Description=Window settings for firefox
clientmachine=localhost
fsplevelrule=2
title=Feed - Piped — Mozilla Firefox
types=1
windowrole=browser
windowrolematch=1
wmclass=navigator firefox
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[1]
Description=Application settings for obsidian
clientmachine=localhost
desktopfile=md.obsidian.Obsidian
desktopfilerule=3
fullscreen=true
position=3399,134
screen=1
windowrole=browser
wmclass=obsidian
wmclassmatch=1

[10]
Description=No titlebars for all
clientmachine=localhost
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
title=video0 - mpv
windowrole=browser
wmclass=.*
wmclassmatch=3

[12fd6497-5ead-47c6-b1ce-2c29d19d10c2]
Description=Application settings for scrcpy
clientmachine=localhost
position=3399,134
positionrule=3
wmclass=scrcpy
wmclassmatch=1

[13]
Description=alacritty no titlebar
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
types=1
wmclass=alacritty
wmclassmatch=1

[14]
Description=Minimum size for windows
minsize=1,1
minsizerule=2
types=1

[1598d7d9-9756-499e-a3a3-bc096f8ecc33]
Description=Application settings for firefox
above=true
aboverule=3
clientmachine=localhost
wmclass=toolkit firefox
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[1e1385a9-fc81-4f8f-ad5b-e058559db809]
Description=Application settings for obsidian
clientmachine=localhost
desktopfile=md.obsidian.Obsidian
desktopfilerule=3
wmclass=obsidian
wmclassmatch=1

[2]
Description=Application settings for lutris
above=true
clientmachine=localhost
desktopfile=lutris
desktopfilerule=3
fullscreen=true
position=3399,134
screen=1
title=mine
windowrole=browser
wmclass=python3.11 lutris
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[226737ec-ed2c-4b58-8d73-037e8902d0aa]
Description=Window settings for kitty
clientmachine=localhost
screen=1
screenrule=3
title=mine
titlematch=1
types=1
wmclass=kitty
wmclassmatch=1

[28153bcb-e62e-4037-96c7-7ed9ced30c6f]
Description=Window settings for firefox
above=true
aboverule=3
clientmachine=localhost
title=Feed - Piped — Mozilla Firefox
titlematch=1
types=1
windowrole=browser
windowrolematch=1
wmclass=navigator firefox
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[3]
Description=Application settings for firefox
clientmachine=localhost
desktopfile=org.mozilla.firefox
desktopfilerule=3
position=3399,134
screen=1
title=mine
windowrole=browser
wmclass=\sfirefox
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[4]
Description=Application settings for scrcpy
clientmachine=localhost
desktopfile=mozilla-firefox
desktopfilerule=3
fsplevel=1
position=3399,134
positionrule=3
screen=1
title=mine
windowrole=browser
wmclass=scrcpy
wmclassmatch=1

[5]
Description=Window settings for kitty
above=true
clientmachine=localhost
fsplevel=1
fullscreen=true
minsize=1,1
position=3489,68
screen=1
screenrule=3
title=mine
titlematch=1
types=1
windowrole=browser
wmclass=kitty
wmclassmatch=1

[6]
Description=Window settings for scrcpy
above=true
clientmachine=localhost
fsplevel=1
minsize=1,1
noborderrule=2
position=3489,68
positionrule=2
title=2201117TG
titlematch=1
types=1
windowrole=browser
wmclass=scrcpy
wmclassmatch=1

[6aca8946-c1d2-4797-b01f-723a9431e2f7]
Description=Application settings for lutris
desktopfile=lutris
desktopfilerule=3
wmclass=python3.11 lutris
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[7]
Description=Application settings for mpv
above=true
clientmachine=localhost
fsplevel=1
fsplevelrule=2
fullscreen=true
minsize=1,1
noborder=true
position=0,0
screen=1
title=video0 - mpv
windowrole=browser
wmclass=gl mpv
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[7674cf56-ca5f-469c-8b37-4f31f559ad66]
Description=Application settings for hearthstone.exe
clientmachine=localhost
position=1920,0
positionrule=3
size=1920,1080
sizerule=3
wmclass=hearthstone.exe
wmclassmatch=1

[8]
Description=webcam
above=true
aboverule=3
clientmachine=localhost
minsize=1,1
noborder=true
title=video0 - mpv
titlematch=1
types=1
windowrole=browser
wmclass=gl mpv
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[9]
Description=Minimum size for windows
clientmachine=localhost
minsize=1,1
minsizerule=2
noborder=true
title=video0 - mpv
types=1
windowrole=browser

[91c8ba2c-e5b7-4d7b-8ed5-ef092f003c70]
Description=Application settings for pomatez
clientmachine=localhost
position=1580,0
positionrule=3
wmclass=pomatez
wmclassmatch=1

[General]
ColorScheme[$d]
count=11
fixed[$d]
font[$d]
menuFont[$d]
rules=91c8ba2c-e5b7-4d7b-8ed5-ef092f003c70,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10
smallestReadableFont[$d]
toolBarFont[$d]
widgetStyle[$d]

[Icons]
Theme[$d]

[KDE]
ColorScheme[$d]
widgetStyle[$d]

[b6b9521f-a344-457e-a93e-57bab1b0a3ce]
Description=Window settings for scrcpy
clientmachine=localhost
position=3486,88
positionrule=3
title=2201117TG
titlematch=1
types=1
wmclass=scrcpy
wmclassmatch=1

[bcf6f652-821a-4ce7-a56b-782d31d7d6e9]
Description=Window settings for firefox
clientmachine=localhost
screen=1
screenrule=3
title=Feed - Piped — Mozilla Firefox
titlematch=1
types=1
windowrole=browser
windowrolematch=1
wmclass=navigator firefox
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[d45badfa-bdc4-4db4-875b-2befdc3f0fe0]
Description=No titlebars for all
noborder=true
noborderrule=2
wmclass=.*
wmclassmatch=3

[e4c35e45-5aa6-42ed-a834-f88ab614935a]
Description=Application settings for firefox
desktopfile=org.mozilla.firefox
desktopfilerule=3
wmclass=\sfirefox
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[f80e4af8-3f7f-486a-9b4c-a47877eed1df]
Description=Application settings for firefox
desktopfile=mozilla-firefox
desktopfilerule=3
wmclass=\sfirefox
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1

[fd1a472e-d21e-4536-88d4-74454e492c03]
Description=whatsapp icon
desktopfile=whatsapp
desktopfilerule=3
title=WhatsApp
titlematch=2
wmclass=firefox
wmclasscomplete=true
wmclassmatch=1
